RHIDP-12608/12573: MCP doc updates for 1.10 (#2168)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/integrate_interacting-with-model-context-protocol-tools-for-rhdh/ref-scaffolder-execution-tool-reference.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="scaffolder-execution-tool-reference_{context}"]
= Scaffolder execution tool reference

[role="_abstract"]

> Use this tool to trigger the execution of a Software Template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a Software Template to create repositories, register components, or provision infrastructure.
```
Abstract could be more specific.
